# Serenade of the Nether

Lava, perhaps one of the most rudimentary power sources. I tend not to use it much in my own research because it can be a little difficult to work with - it's not like you can use a simple iron bucket to pick some up!
One of the local tinkerers came by my house one day asking me if there were any sources nearby since they recently acquired some new hardware that they needed to power. I said that there were a few but most of them were already owned, but I decided to come to his place to look at the contraption.
It was a smeltery at least 5 metres high and just as wide, hooked up to several tanks that stood empty and barren. Although I wasn't entirely sure on how it operated I could tell that the raw heat of lava would be perfect for it - electricity would work well if it was modified correctly, but I could tell this wasn't from Immersive Industries.
After a small chat with the tinkerer money changed hands and I asked him to stand back as I prepared my ritual stones. To enact what I wished I took four fire stones and arranged them in a cross around the master ritual stone and then pushed hard with my activation crystal while imagining the process in my head. In theory, it should be simple: take some rocks from deep in the earth and compress them with some energy, causing them to melt under the intense pressure and turn molten. This lava could them be retrieved off of the ritual stone and the process can be repeated.
While simple in theory, in practice it was a little difficult. For my simple network at the time, the activation cost was quite steep because of the initial pressure required, and the drain for each source of lava was not something I was prepared for. (20000 LP to activate, 500 LP per source block)
I staggered out of the building with a grin on my face, however: the tanks were full of lava, enough to keep the tinkerer in business for a couple fortnights until he could procure a more permanent source of lava. I made sure to pick up my ritual stones after I finished, though.
With no modifications to the ritual, the ritual will attempt to place a source of lava on the block directly above itself at a cost of 500 LP every tick if there is room, displacing liquids if they are flowing. This placement range, by default, can be expanded to a maximum of 9 blocks at a maximum distance of 3 away from the ritual.
By augmenting the ritual with Raw Will, the LP cost will decrease in proportion to the Will that is in the Aura, consuming Will proportional to the amount of LP that is saved. Using this Will can also grant the ability to place lava directly into a block's internal tanks, at a rate comparable to normal ritual operations.
Corrosive Will causes the ritual to invert the invincibility granted from fire immunity, causing all entities that are immune to fire within a set area to be damaged severely based on the amount of Will in the Aura. Those that are not immune to fire are unhurt by this effect.
When Vengeful Will is applied to the ritual, a volatile gas is released and causes all non-player entities within its specified range to be affected by Fire Fuse. When the timer of the debuff goes to 0, the entity will explode, forcefully propelling them into the air with explosive force.
Destructive Will increases the maximum range and volume that the ritual may influence. The more Will you have, the more lava blocks that can be placed by a single ritual. Thankfully, the ritual does not drain any Destructive Will, however if your Will drops and the ritual's maximum range is lower than what you set it at, the ritual will not work at all until fixed.
Finally, Steadfast Will grants all players within its range a Fire Resistance buff, whose time applied and cost in Will is affected by the amount of Will in the Aura. Careful note should be taken, because if you are affected by Fire Resistance you can be damaged by the ritual's Corrosive effect.
