# Ritual of the Full Spring

A few years ago a travelling merchant stopped by the village near my house, peddling his wares to all who were willing to part with their coin. There was a drought at the time and the crops were dying, so the merchant brought forth a silver talisman with a blue gem set inside of it. "This, my friends," he said with great zeal, "will make sure that your rivers will not dry out! By using alchemy I can bring forth water from the very air!"
Unfortunately for the village it seemed that the gem was a simple piece of sapphire, and before anyone realized that they were tricked he was already several miles away. I tend to not intervene in the affairs of the village because they tend not to like my magic, but in this case I made an exception. After I had a lovely chat with the "alchemist," I spent a few hours meditating near the irrigation channels. By condensing the water vapour in the air I managed to create enough water to keep the crops watered until the next downfall. This wasn't exactly an efficient method and I was drained for the next few days, using some of the water from the channel to rehydrate myself.
Remembering this, I employed the same principles to create the Ritual of the Full Spring. By channeling a small amount of energy into the ritual, it condenses the moisture in the air around it to produce a source of water on top of the master ritual stone. The cost to activate the ritual is fairly insignificant, and the maintenance even more so.  
The water's range can be expanded by using the ritual tinkerer and even placed in a different location, so one does not need to worry about where a ritual is placed if they are worrying about aesthetics. The miracles of magic!
