// For more info visit https://faq.ftb.world/books/ftb-utilities/page/ranks

[player]
default_player_rank: true
power: 1
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 500
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 50
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 0s

[nightmare]
power: 2
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 2048
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 100
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: true
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 0s

[vip]
power: 20
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&bVIP {name}&r>
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 666
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 69
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: true
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 0s

[admin]
default_op_rank: true
power: 100
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&2{name}&r>
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 10000
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 100
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: true
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0s
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 0s
