# Demon Will and Snares

Magus was telling me one day that every living being has a soul: humans, chicken, sheep, and even creepers have this life force that would give the body the will to live. It seems that Magus has done a lot of experiments in his time, and has even heard of a powerful mage that could take these souls and transfuse them into empty vessels such as zombies. But that made me wonder: if zombies and skeletons did not have souls, how is it that they had a will to live? What animated them so that they would try to hunt down any living creature and try to kill them?
It all came back to will, each and every single time. Anything "living" had to have a will in order to survive, but it didn't mean that it had to be their own. When I brought this up to Magus he pondered a little, and then brought out a blackboard and chalk (from where, who knows) and started to sketch some notes about other forms of magic. "In Thaumaturgy," he said while sketching out the form of a straw man, "golems are animated beings that are tasked to perform many mundane operations. They live, breathe, and can even die if they fall out of favour with their masters. In the current iteration of Thaumaturgy, and yes there have been several versions of this art over the centuries, the magician would imbue their will into their inanimate creation and bring them to life.
"That, Bella, is how golems operate: by an imbuement of will."
So if a golem could live by another entity imbuing its will into an empty shell, maybe some other entity is imbuing its will into the bodies of the dead, bringing zombies and skeletons into existence. At this point I shivered, remembering briefly what happened in my old village. Only a demon could do something so cruel. But to test this hypothesis, I needed more proof.
With some direction from Magus, and Tiberius when he could lend a hand from his own work, I made myself a rudimentary snare out of some iron, string, and a bit of redstone. Tiberius, who studied Thaumaturgy in-depth as his cross-discipline magic of choice, said that the snare should be able to disrupt the will of an entity that is controlling an animated object. "I was messing around with this when playing around with golems," he said with a smile. We all knew how well that turned out. "Redstone seemed to disrupt the connection between my golems and my will for them to move. In theory, if something is controlling the zombies or skeletons, you should be able to cut off the will."
He said that all I needed to do was to throw it - if it worked, some white dust should stream off of the entity for a period of time. "So you have to kill it after this happens in order for anything to really happen. But the snare might only work 25%% of the time, so be slightly liberal with them!"
After crafting sixteen of them, I went out with my sword during the night. It was quite tricky, actually: I had to track down several zombies, ducking and dodging their lumbering swipes while chucking a few snares at them. Once the white particles came off of them, I killed them swiftly and picked up what was left of their bodies. A small amount of a blue viscous fluid seemed to lay in the gritty dust, beckoning to me. I picked it up, and it seemed like there was some otherworldly "presence" coming from the fluid. Quickly stowing the samples away, I elected to look at them more deeply when I got back home.
It seemed that the size and shape of each "Demonic Will" varied, as if the quality of the will depended on the source. Using a completely arbitrary unit of measurement, the Will that I got from the snares seem to range from zero to five "Will Quality". I am not sure what I can use this substance for yet, but it is very intriguing none the less. I can't tell if this is the imprint of the will of some sort of demon, or just a random crystal found in their bodies. More research is needed.
