# Sentient Armour

After a few days of some "well needed bed rest," prescribed and enforced by Magus, I decided to do a bit of research primarily on the sentient equipment that I have made so far. There is just so much that I do not know about the sentient sword as well as Demon Will in general. Sure, we know some of the theory, but considering that Magus and I were the ones that developed the theory in the first place it is hard to tell how accurate it is.
For this, I needed to get creative. Magus told me that whenever he takes an apprentice, he insists that they must learn another form of magic alongside the research that he is doing. Tiberius offered for me to learn Botany, but I scoffed at the idea - a bunch of flowers weren't going to help me much when fighting demons!
The Sentient Armour Gem is a toggleable item that is used to equip and unequip your Sentient Armour. When you right-click with the gem while you have a minimum of 16 Demon Will in your inventory, your armour will be replaced with a set of Sentient Armour that copies all of the enchants from the armour that you replaced - when you activate the gem again, your original armour is returned to you. This also works when you have no armour on at all to begin with.
The Sentient Armour initially acts as a simple set of iron armour, yielding no additional abilities besides protection. Similarly to other sentient tools, however, the armour provides more protection when you have more Demon Will in your possession. This makes the protection provided really powerful when you have a large quantity of Demon Will accumulated. The downside to this is that every hit you take will syphon a small bit of Demon Will from your Tartaric gems, and if you get too low your armour will revert back to its original form. Could be bad!
