# The Demon Kin

## Bella Highborn

My name is Bella Highborn, and I am known as the Demon Kin. Several months ago my village was attacked by a wave of demons, killing all other people while destroying every single building. I don't remember much from the attack, other than the screams of pain as each and every person I knew left this world for a happier one. Thankfully the demons did not hear me as I cowered underneath the fruit baskets in the basement of the church of Intactilis, trying desperately to keep my screams from joining the chorus of other voices.
There was one horrible moment when I accidentally knocked down the incense altar of the church and a demon came bounding into the sanctuary, unperturbed by what we assumed was a sacred place. It was a huge four-legged monster, with curved tusks hanging past a jutting mouth, saliva dripping onto serrated swords taking the place of his claws. It took a look around the room and I swear it locked eyes with me for a solid second, but then it just simply left as if it neither heard nor saw anything. Everything afterwards was a blur.
It was a full day before anyone came to see what happened. A trading caravan saw the smoke in the distance and decided to take the long way around past the demons. Many of the traders didn't even want to look at me, fearing that because I alone managed to survive unscathed it was a bad omen. But two brothers decided to take pity on me and try to convince the rest of the caravan to consider having me ride along. It took me selling the priestess's wand and locket, but I managed to buy safe passage to a village far enough away from the demons' path of destruction.
