# Incense Altar

One will quickly find that the speed of LP generation can become increasingly burdensome. Sure, by adding special runes to the Blood Altar you are able to increase the yield of self-sacrificing, but this can be a slow process all the same. If only there was a way to further increase how much LP you can get from yourself?
Enter the Incense Altar. The Incense Altar acts as a central point for a tranquil area, calming the soul itself with the gentle wafts that emanate from the basin. Where this scent comes from you aren't entirely sure, but what could possibly go wrong?
The goal of this block is to create an area of tranquility to increase how much LP you get from a heart of health. When you are near the block (about five blocks) fire particles will be emitted to show that it is working - when you are affected by this tranquility, your Sacrificial Dagger will transform to indicate that you have an increased yield at the Blood Altar. This process takes about 5 seconds, and you will know you are finished when the fire particles stop appearing. At this point, if you use your Sacrificial Dagger at the Blood Altar you will sacrifice 90%% of your maximum health all at once and pump LP into the altar proportional to the amount of health sacrificed multiplied by a bonus based on how tranquil the surrounding area is: this bonus is +20%% by default.
As a side note, the Divination Sigil can be used on the Incense Altar to determine the amount of Tranquility as well as how much of a bonus the current altar gives.
Of course just an additional 20%% is all well and good, but it can be further expanded by expanding the range of influence of the Incense Altar. If you place a row of three Wooden Path blocks two blocks away from the incense altar in each of the cardinal directions (making sure that all path blocks are on the same y-level, up to five blocks up or down from the incense altar) you can define an area. Any block placed within this area (a block that is the same distance horizontally away from the Incense Altar as the path blocks are horizontally, and on the same level or up to two blocks higher vertically from the path blocks) can add to the Tranquility of the Incense Altar. Another row of path blocks can be added past this initial row following the same rule: the new row must all be on the same y-level as each other, and the entire row has to be within 5 blocks vertically from the previous row of path blocks. This means that layouts such as pyramids, inverted pyramids, or more advanced staircase structures are possible.
All path blocks have a maximum distance that they can be from the Incense Altar in order to take effect. The Wooden Path blocks are able to work up to a total of three rows from the Incense Altar. Stone paths work up to five, worn stone paths seven and obsidian paths to nine blocks from the origin. So at a certain point you have to use better path blocks to extend your tranquility area, however you can use higher tiered path blocks in place of lower tiered path blocks, just not the other way around.
Back to Tranquility. Only certain blocks are able to affect the Tranquility of an area, and there are different types of Tranquility blocks. If you place a crop such as potatoes in the area, you add a bit of Tranquility (using the Crops category). However, if you add another crop like potatoes again or even carrots, you will get less tranquility. Adding something from a different Tranquility category, you get the full effect. But adding more stuff using the same category has diminishing returns. Therefore in order to get the most Tranquility out of a certain area, it is most optimal to mix and match using as many different types of Tranquility as possible.
Some things that add Tranquility are: Crops, logs, leaves, lava, netherrack, farmland, water, Life Essence, and other assorted things.
