# The Ritual Master

## Intro

Good evening. My name is Magus Arcana. I have had many guises over the years: a thief and a vigilante, a wizard and a warrior, a roaming nomad and even a politician. The title that I hold nowadays is one that many cannot comprehend, that at the very mention of it brings forth images of brutality that in some cases have been earned but in many others are misguided. I am of course talking about being a Blood Mage, though my friends simply call me Magus whereas my enemies refer to me as The Ritual Master.
My students have been pestering me for many months now, attempting to get me to document all of the myriad adventures that I have had in some form of book for me to distribute among any aspiring mages. I had been resistant, but it was Tiberius who put it best: "Although you may not see the value of it yourself, hearing the intricacies of any sort of craft from a man who has achieved mastership of the field will prove invaluable for future generations. It doesn't matter how accurately someone else retells it, if you don't have the utmost confidence in a source the gold sand could be nothing more than sulfur." You could tell he was delving into a bit of alchemy at that point, but since he was my first student for a long time I tend to value his opinion.
So, aspiring Blood Mage, training in the arcane that many yet do not fully understand, lend me your ears for these are words worth heeding: the field that you are studying has many aspects, and without careful consideration you may find your tools lacking. Therefore make sure to review this book often - I have put many enchantments on the tome that you carry with you so that whenever I write in my master copy the words will change for you.
So sit back, relax, and enjoy the teachings of a very old man. You may learn more than you've bargained for.

## Basics

Modern day rituals are a lot different from those that were conducted centuries past. There was a time when people would inscribe arcane constructs out of dust on the ground and dance around until they got what they wanted. I even remember one hermit witch who gathered energy from her garden. I laughed at it all until she sicced her pet owl on me.
The rituals that Blood Mages use require the precise alignment of marked stones to focus and transform the power that a mage pumps into it. One day, my apprentice Tiberius was rummaging through some of the old artifacts that I had procured over the years in the closet of his new room. There was a vial of liquid Etherium that I haven't touched in ages (I was meaning to get back to that, but I haven't had any time) as well as a crystal ball that always seemed to say "Tuesday" when you peered through the glass. When one of the boxes that was labeled "Runic Dust" was knocked over a small red gem tumbled out and knocked against Tiberius's foot. Immediately a bright ruby light emanated from it and reacted with the dust in the box that he was carrying.
Naturally, an explosion occurred.  The unfocused energy that Tiberius inadvertently released through the gem sparked the runic dust and stones around him, and without a means of containing the power it simply was pushed outwards. After a few days in the medical ward, Tiberius and I started to get to work.
Through a mixture of several sleepless nights and a hardy helping of caffeine (I've really got to thank Mister Player for the coffee supply, I salute your efforts for a more awake tomorrow!) we eventually perfected the key ingredients for all rituals.
Through our experimentation, we learned that we needed four different things: we needed a bunch of ritual stones placed around an area in a set pattern, a few different inks that are applied to the ritual stones to help further specify the pattern, a central ritual stone that acts as a central conduit of power, and a crystal that activates the ritual. I think it's best to talk about these one by one.

## Ritual Stone

The Ritual Stone acts as a simple receptacle for magical energy, shaping it and further redirecting it in different ways depending on how the stone is configured. When you start off, there are five different stones that you have access to: Blank (the base stone that does not have any markings applied), Water, Fire, Air, and Earth. Every single ritual will have a number of these, and depending on how they are arranged around the Master Ritual Stone the overall effect will be different.
In order to inscribe the correct symbols onto the ritual stones you must have a set of inscription tools. I have since developed a method for people to more easily apply the correct inks to the ritual stones while placing them in the correct configuration, but if one were to wish to do this manually they can use these tools. When you activate a ritual stone with one of the inscription tools in your hand (right clicking on the stone) you will apply some ink to the stone, changing it to the same type as the tool. In early tiers, you only have access to the base four colours, however once you become more powerful you will have more tools at your disposal.

## Master Ritual Stone

As with most magics, without a guiding force the effect of the ritual will either become uncontrollable or simply will not work at all. Thus, in order to control the rituals a Master Ritual Stone is required (I usually abbreviate this to "MRS" in my notes, but saying it in public is a little awkward. "I need more mrs please!"). The MRS takes in power from the owner's Soul Network and pushes it through the ritual stones, thus performing the ritual.
Attaching the Soul Network to a large stone that we don't hold in our hands proved to be a bit tricky. I managed to do this one time by meditating on top of the stone in the lotus position, focusing my power through the stone and trying to link the tendrils of my network into the inner workings of the ritual. Although I got it working for a few minutes, all I was really awarded was a pair of wet pants as water condensed onto the ritual stones. I've learned to not meditate on any of my experiments again.

## Activation Crystal

Instead of waiting an hour at a time to meditate a ritual active, we took the red gem that fell out of the box originally and started to analyze it. Tiberius was certain that it had the ability to "establish links between the corporeal realm of our reality and the incorporeal essence that is the manifested Soul Network." Sometimes I wonder if it was a good idea to have him become my apprentice, but it is times like these that I see his knack for the more arcane aspects of magic. Oh, I should probably write what he meant in English: by using this crystal, we could link our soul networks to the Master Ritual Stone in order to supply it with energy.
Thus we had ourselves a Weak Activation Crystal and a means in which to recreate its structure. The main ingredient for the crystal is another crystal that can be linked to my Soul Network: a Lava Crystal. Then, by quickly inscribing some instructions onto the crystal's surface the Blood Altar can do the rest of the work to transmute it into an activation crystal. Naturally, this crystal has to be bound to the user's soul network in order to function. When the ritual's stones are laid correctly around the MRS, the user should touch the activation crystal to the MRS and push out enough energy to jump start the ritual in question. If you have enough LP inside of your Soul Network the ritual will activate. If you do not, or if the stones are not laid out correctly, the ritual will simply not activate and no LP cost is incurred.

## Ritual Diviner

After discerning the size and layout of many rituals I started to find it a little bothersome to continually consult my notes in order to build the rituals. That is why I worked to create a device that would allow anyone to simply place down the stones in the correct position through simple gestures and movements. I've placed this entry further up the list chronologically because it is best for people to learn of this item before starting with the actual construction of rituals. Otherwise they may find out that they don't have everything they need, or will summon a meteor from hell instead of a fresh bottle of spring water.
The Ritual Diviner is essentially an encyclopaedia for rituals. By cycling through the diviner (shift-left click and shift-right click) you can select a different ritual from its store of knowledge. Gazing into the diviner will also tell you some simple information about the ritual. If you have Ritual Stones on your person and you touch the diviner onto the MRS (right click) you can place a stone for the ritual you want to construct. Doing this enough times will net you a completed ritual!
