# Different Will Types

So far, the only type of Demon Will that we have discussed is raw Will. As the name suggests, it is the most raw and unadulterated form of Will there is, but this does not mean that it is pure. In fact, Demon Will takes on many different forms: Raw is the type we deal with normally, but there is also Corrosive, Destructive, Vengeful, and Steadfast. Raw Will is composed of a mixture of all four of these types, and perhaps mixed with other as of yet undiscovered types, but once split into these different Will types it seems impossible to recombine them.
It is not clear yet whether these different types of Will come from different sources, however we do know the process of generating these different types of Will. The Ritual "Resonance of the Faceted Crystal" can split a Raw Will Crystal into its pure parts, more on that in the corresponding entry in "The Ritual Master". A device able to obtain Raw Will Crystals is the Demon Crystallizer, whose entry can be found further down.
Each of these four types of Will represent different aspects of one's desire. There may be more types of Will, however they are either not pure enough or simply cannot be created in this form.
Corrosive represents the desire to break down all things around oneself, either with acid or by crushing force. One who can master this Will can wield debilitating status effects and are immune to horrible poisons.
Vengeful can be viewed as the desire to seek a target without tiring. Usually, this can be seen either as an increased speed of the body to seek their prey or to make sure that a target is not able to get away as you continually attack them.
Destructive, as you can probably tell, is pure force. Attack strength and overall physical prowess can be gained if this Will is properly harnessed. It can also be used to crush and smash things when used in other applications.
Steadfast is seen as the desire to prevent damage to oneself. In most cases, masters of this Will are the defensive bulwark of the party, able to withstand powerful attacks and not even feel it. If you need to stay alive, through your armour or by rituals, this is one choice that should be considered.
