# Hellfire Forge

I have spent several weeks researching the uses and properties of demonic will. There has been some success these past few days, however it has been infrequent. Tiberius asked me the other day if he could take a sample of demonic will for a few of his other experiments: he mentioned that it might be what he needed to construct a new blood altar to replace the beat-up basin that we were using in Magus's basement, since trying to replicate that old thing with just stone never seemed to create the right... receptacle for our blood magic. In other words, he thinks it may help.
It hasn't been a complete waste, however! I consulted several different alchemy textbooks discussing "Equivalent Exchange" and the many different ways to manipulate matter. I also talked to a couple of alchemists that were passing by, and they gave me a few tips on how to deconstruct matter and energy in order to study it more closely. (As a side note, I must say I loved the dark purple armour that one alchemist was wearing - just looking at it made me feel like I was being pulled by a dense object. Not talking about Tiberius, either!) From using those simple arrays with the little samples that I had, I managed to see that there were ways to actually tap into the power source inside of the demonic will. I just needed the right configuration.
Just today, I managed to get a structure that I believed would fuse together items using this raw will. Dubbed the "Hellfire Forge", the structure uses a simple alchemy array carved into the glass on the top of it to fuse up to four items together while injecting it with demonic will. The piece of demonic will is placed on the right-hand side and the four ingredients are placed around the circle. It appears that there are many different "recipes" available in this forge, but there are some gating effects on these.
For starters, there is a minimum amount of demonic will that has to be in the sample in order for the items to combine - if there isn't enough will in the structure, nothing seems to happen. Next, it seems that although there is a minimum amount of will needed, most of the recipes don't drain the entire sample of its will. Some recipes need a vast amount of demonic will in order to start the process, but only a little bit is used in the crafting, if any at all. Some recipes seem to be very easy to create in large quantities, but others... not so much.
