# Unexpected Reactions

I woke up in a hospital bed today, aching something fierce. I opened my eyes and saw the dull magenta that made up the ceiling of the "Intense Curse" wing of the hospital in Veteres, which is the closest major city to our village. I wasn't exactly worried by this information: it more so puzzled me that I somehow ended up here while seemingly only covered in scrapes and bruises, plus a simple cast on my left leg. Someone must have cast an "Ossa Fracta" curse on me or something, since all it could be was a simple broken bone!
When Magus came in with one of the nurses with a solemn face, I knew it was something more drastic. Apparently, one of my experiments with the new Lesser Tartaric gem rebounded and created a small but forceful explosion. That much I could understand easily enough, but that wasn't it: the mixture of obsidian, iron and diamond that I used coated my lower left leg, forming into a rigid shell that couldn't be removed. The cast that I had on my leg wasn't actually a cast, but some form of runic matrix covering the light-blue shell.
Calmly, I asked what Magus thought, even though I was pretty sure what had occurred. "I think," he said, giving a side-long glance towards the nurse that was listening intently before looking back at me, "that it is simply some sort of residue that is diamond-based, which is the main reason we can't remove it. It is also laced with a bit of... otherworldly energy, which is the main reason that you are here instead of a bed at the local clinic - the Conglomerate is rather stringent about unknown energy directly contacting people, ever since the Eldritch Incident, so we had to make sure that there wasn't any issues."
"I see..." Normally Magus doesn't bother much with formalities such as making sure that the Conglomerate is informed about unknown energies - I've been experimenting with Demon Will for quite a while, and it isn't like the Conglomerate came knocking on our door to have this magic registered. I won't go into much detail here, since I am not well versed in politics, but I know that Magus partakes in it only sparingly. This meant that the power from this Will concerned Magus a lot, perhaps through some of his past dealings...?
"Ah well, enough about that for now," Magus said, rolling up the sleeves of his robes. "I tried to break the shell when I first saw it, obviously after checking what it was. It didn't have an effect last time, but now..."
There was a searing heat on my left leg, accompanied by a blinding red light as Magus cupped his hands on top of the blue shell. After what felt like an eternity, but what must have been only a couple of seconds, the shell started to crack and fracture, falling apart. Honestly, it was kind of anticlimactic.
I tried to get up, but Magus pushed me back into the bed with a small shove. "Bella, you need to stay and rest. You can work with your research on the gems later." I was initially annoyed, but that soon passed as I had a lot of time to think. The only reason that Magus wasn't able to do the exact same thing earlier was probably because I still had my Tartaric gem on my person after the explosion. So whatever happened to my leg had to be directly tied to the demon Will, and as soon as my gem was taken the shell was able to be removed. It got me thinking...
