# Resonance of the Faceted Crystal

Once Demon Will has crystalized, there is no way to split it into its many aspects - or so I've thought until now. The "Resonance of the Faceted Crystal" works by separating the many aspects inside of an unaspected (or raw) crystal cluster by using the different aspected ritual stones.
In order to use the ritual, an unaspected crystal cluster has to be placed two blocks above the Master Ritual Stone. In other words, you can place a crystallizer on top of the MRS and a crystal cluster on top of that and it should work well. Next, you must make sure that there are no blocks directly above the four elemental-based ritual stones, and then wait for the crystal cluster to grow.
After the cluster has grown a total of five or more spires, the ritual will split these spires off and create one spire each of Corrosive, Steadfast, Vengeful, and Destructive Will on top of the aspected ritual stones. If the unaspected cluster is allowed to grow further and these new clusters remain intact, the process will repeat and more spires will be added.
The mechanism for this process is quite simple. When the Raw Will crystal has at least five spires, the ritual breaks off four of these spires and converts the Will into its more incorporeal form. This Will is then pushed threw the final spire of the cluster, which forces the different aspects of the Will into more localized clumps of the particular aspect. This Will is then gathered into the ritual stones, which act as bases for which the new aspected crystal clusters can grow from.
