# Upgrading your Altar

As you go through the mod you'll slowly learn that the humble blood altar before you is not powerful enough for you to fulfil your true ambitions. By placing special blocks known as Blood Runes around the altar you are able to expand the altar's strength significantly, unlocking higher tiers of recipes as well as allowing you to augment the abilities of the altar itself.
To upgrade the altar to its second tier, you need to place 8 blood runes around the altar and one level lower. If you are confused about the precise configuration, the item "Inspectoris Scandalum" can tell you the precise placement for the blocks required for the next tier.
Although a blank rune is fine for simply getting your altar upgrade and running to a higher tier, it is advantageous to use upgrade runes for your altar. Each of the runes in a blood altar may be swapped out for any upgrade rune (the only exception to this is that at Tier 2 you cannot use the corner runes as upgrade runes - T3 onwards you can use these). There are runes that affect the speed of crafting, the capacity of the altar, as well as the efficiency of sacrificing at the altar. These runes can be found in their respective entries.
It is well known that a Tier 3 altar requires you to cap four pillars with glowstone blocks from the Nether. What is not as thoroughly understood is that you can actually use Sea Lanterns instead. So if you find yourself very far away from going to the Nether but have access to ocean temples, you can use other ways to advance yourself in Blood Magic.
