# Item Routing

Item transport in Blood Magic comes from linking strands of Demonic Will between routing nodes, which act as conduits in order to transfer items from one inventory to another. To start off with, let us explain how each individual item works.
Every single routing system needs a Master Routing node, which acts as the brains of the system. An Input Routing node inputs items into your system, and an Output Routing node outputs items from your system, and a regular routing node doesn't have any special function.
To form a network, you need to shift-click a node with your Node Router and then shift click another node that you want to connect. This links the two nodes together. As long as a node can trace some form of route to another node (and if it is connected to a Master Routing node) they can "talk" to each other.
As a rule of thumb, items are pulled from an inventory next to an input node and are pushed into an inventory next to an output node. In order to set what goes where, a filter should be used. By clicking on one of the buttons in the node's interface you can select what goes into the inventory in the given direction (N indicates North, etc). If you place an Item Filter into the left-most slot of the node you can specify the quantities and types of items that the node may interact with based on the filter. If you set a filter on an input filter, you can only pull those types of items from the inventory (keeping at least the given amount if you specify a quantity). If you set a filter on an output filter, you can only push those types of items into the inventory, up to a max of the quantity specified.
There are four types of filters:
Precise - The item needs to be matched exactly, including NBT and metadata
Mod Item - The item matches if it is from one of the filered mods.
Ignore NBT - The item filter does not take into account any NBT
Ore Dictionary - Any item that matches one of the ore dictionary references of the filters are allowed.
There are two numbers that you will be able to see when you insert the filter into the routing node: the quantity and the priority. When you click on one of the items in the filter, the name of the item you have selected will appear and right below that is the quantity of items. By setting this number you can tell the filter how many of this type of item it will keep in stock in the connected inventory (either filling to that amount if it is an output node or making sure it keeps that amount left in the inventory if it is an input node). If you decrease the filter's amount to 0, you can set so that the filter allows "Everything," as in any amount, for that particular filter. Input nodes will pull as much as it can from the inventory, and output nodes will push as much as possible.
The second number is the priority of the node, altered by the arrow buttons next to it. This number is different for each side of the node. The node that has the LOWER NUMBER in the network will be used first.
