# Ritual of the Green Grove

Last week I started to teach Tiberius his cross-disciplinary magic. Every apprentice that I have had has had to learn another form of magic while learning Blood Magic. It doesn't matter much which one they choose as long as it does not consume some form of finite resource - I used to employ a form of magic from the Ars clan from the far East, but since the world's source of Etherium was consumed into scarcity it died out long ago.
Tiberius decided to learn Thaumaturgy, which employs using the magic of the world to perform your magic. This is a good counterbalance to Blood Magic, which uses the magic of life. As such, these magics use different means to perform the same tasks. To demonstrate I decided to highlight the differences to Tiberius when it comes to crop growth.
"Thaumaturgy uses a growth catalyst that is fueled by the essentia Herba," I state while pointing towards the Essentia Flowchart that was pinned to the classroom wall. Sure, Tiberius was sitting at the only desk there, but sometimes a guy has to have some fun. "A small trickle of Aura and this essentia stimulates the photosynthetic process of the plant, encouraging it to grow by giving it more solar energy. This process requires that the soil is well fertilized, or else the crop can simply wither and die."
I then take four earth and water ritual stones and place them in a circle around a master ritual stone. "Conversely, Blood Magic uses a different process." While speaking, I activate the ritual and cover it with some simple dirt. "By using your life force or the energy of animals, you can fertilize the plants in such a way that they don't need as much fertilizer. In essence, it force-feeds the plants so that they always have a high concentration of nutrients."
I throw a few seeds onto the dirt and cover them slightly, uncorking and emptying a vial of water from inside my robes. "This process doesn't need any extra sunlight, because it uses a different source of energy. Though it does work much better when there is some light - the plant isn't exactly used to these sorts of conditions!"
A few shoots have already poked their leaves out of the dirt while I was explaining, seemingly waving in response. I felt the mild strain on my body as each new leaf sprouted, minor each time but when accumulated it started to stack up. Once I finished the class I cleared up the dirt from the experiment and decided to have a nice stroll to the village: I had a bushel of wheat that needed selling.
The Ritual of the Green Grove, as the name may suggest, accelerates the rate of growth of plants that are nearby. By using the player's blood as a rich fertilizer, it will attempt to grow anything that it deems as a plant, such as wheat and carrots, growing anything within its range periodically. Through default operations, the ritual will look at the 3x3 area two blocks above itself and attempt to grow each block with a 30%% success rate every second. If manipulated with the Ritual Tinkerer, the ritual can handle a maximum of 81 crops at a time within a 5 block radius of the MRS. As another note
When augmented with Demon Will, there are several effects that can be obtained. If Raw Will is used, the ritual will perform all operations at an accelerated rate, consuming 0.05 Will per successful growth and increasing its speed relative to how much Will is in the Aura.
If infused with Vengeful Will, the ritual will consume 0.05 Will per successful growth and will increase the chance that a given operational tick will be successful on the plant. By default without Will it is 30%%, but for instance if you have 100 Vengeful Will the rate will increase to 80%%.
Destructive Will increases the effective maximum range of the ritual, meaning the more Will you have the more crops/plants a single ritual can handle. Thankfully, the ritual does not drain any Destructive Will, however if your Will drops and the ritual's maximum range is lower than what you set it at, the ritual will not work at all until fixed.
Steadfast Will grants the ability to set an area around the ritual that will be automatically tilled and hydrated. Additionally, any seed that is within this range will be planted on a nearby block if possible. This costs a small amount of Steadfast Will, and its effects do not scale with Will in the Aura.
When Corrosive Will is used in the ritual, the fundamental nature of the ritual may shift. When supplied and the new range is properly set, any mobs that enter in the ritual's area of influence will have the "Leech" effect applied. Every few ticks, the plants near the mobs will be damaged and the mob will be damaged proportionally. Fertilizing with mobs directly can prove beneficial! Every 10 seconds that the debuff is applied per mob, 0.2 Corrosive Will will be consumed.
