# The Ritual of the Crusher

The Ritual of the Crusher's operation is rather simple. The ritual needs to have some form of inventory linked to it, which when unaltered simply sits on top of the MRS. While in operation, the ritual will look inside of its crushing range (by default the 3x3x3 area below the ritual) and break one block at a time at a rate of once every 2 seconds at the cost of 7 LP per successful operation. The broken blocks will then be transferred to the linked inventory - if there is no room for the items, they will instead be spewed on top of the chest.
When fueled with Raw Will, the ritual will work at a faster rate based on the total amount of Will in the Aura. While sped up, it will consume 0.05 Raw Will per successful operation.
Destructive Will causes blocks that are broken by the ritual to have Fortune applied to it. Currently the fortune level does not vary and is instead level 3 regardless of the Will amount. This will consume 0.2 Will per successful operation, regardless of whether it was useful.
Steadfast Will will instead cause blocks to be broken with the Silk Touch effect. This costs 0.02 Will per operation, and will override the Destructive effect where possible.
Corrosive Will makes it so that blocks that are broken by the ritual will be processed with some form of cutting fluid. This means that for instance if it is an iron block the result will be two pieces of iron sand. The current "cutting fluids" that the ritual uses are: Basic Cutting Fluid and Explosive Powder. The ritual consumes a different amount of Will based on what was used, and will only consume the Will if the effect applies. This overrides Silk Touch where applicable.
Vengeful Will causes it so that when a successful operation takes place the inventory has its contents compressed similar to the Sigil of Compression: if there is 65 redstone dust inside of the chest, one block of redstone will be crafted and 56 dust will remain. Will is only consumed when this is successful, and it costs 0.2 Will.
