# Living Armour

Any person in Minecraft, especially with the newer incarnations of the world, will know that a good set of armour means difference between life and death. Usually when you pick a set of armour you choose a static set of benefits - does this armour offer more protection? Do I get flight when I wear this? Can I jump really high, or move really fast? These are all valid options on a set of armour, but you can never get a set that is tailored exactly to your needs. At least that is what they thought.
A set of Living Armour is an engineered lifeform that is integrated with a simple set of iron armour. When worn, it enters a symbiotic relationship with the user - when you move, it moves. When you attack, it attacks. When you eat, it senses this and compensates. And just like a normal human body, it will start to grow and strengthen depending on what you do, being trained by your actions.
Let's give an example. If you equip a new set of armour on and run around a lot, you will notice that you will receive an upgrade on the chest plate called "Quick Feet" - this upgrade provides an incremental increase to your speed at level 1, while subsequent levels provide a larger boost. You will also notice that the "Upgrade Points" now read "3/100" - each upgrade requires a number of upgrade points to be applied, and the chest plate has a maximum number of points that it can hold. If an upgrade that you can get is not obtainable with the number of free upgrade points you have it cannot be gained.
Keep in mind that the Living Armour will only be trained when you have a full set of armour on, and the armour's effects will only take effect when a full set of armour is used.
The maximum number of upgrade points can be modified by a few different means. One of them is to create alchemical concoctions that will strengthen the bonds between the user and the Living Armour, vastly increasing the number of points you can have on a given set of equipment. One such example is the "Draft of Angelus," which increases the maximum number of points to 200. Information about these brews, as well as how to create them, can be found in "The Alchemist".
