# Demon Crystallizer

As discussed previously, Demon Aura is the ethereal manifestation of Demon Will, and the substance obtained when killing a mob is its physical manifestation. The Demon Crystallizer acts as an anchoring point for Demon Will in the Aura to latch on to, transforming the ethereal Will back into a physical form once again in the form of a crystal.
You may be curious why you do not just take the Will from a Tartaric Gem directly and form a crystal from it. That is because by transforming the Will to its ethereal form we purify it and allow the Will to attempt to resume its normal operations - keep in mind that when we kill a monster with Demon Will attached to them, we freeze the programming of the Will so that it cannot do what it was sent out to do. By converting it into the ethereal form in the Aura, the Will becomes more active, and that is the Will that is grabbed by the crystallizer. Just don't look at it funny.
In order for the Demon Crystallizer to work it must be in a chunk with a high amount of Demon Will (80) of a particular type, and after a certain amount of time it will consume the Will from the Aura in order to create a Demon Crystal Cluster with a single spire. There are two ways for the Crystallizer to work: it can form a crystal from an aspected type of Will (Corrosive, Destructive, Vengeful, and Steadfast) if there is enough Will of that particular type, or it will take Raw Will from the Aura to create a crystal.
In previous incarnations of the device it was possible to transform Raw Will from the Aura into differently aspected crystals. However, that is no longer the case: you can still create new spires of a certain aspected Will if there is enough of it in the Aura, however you will need to look into other means to separate the many aspects from Raw Will. See the entry on "Resonance of the Faceted Crystal" in The Ritual Master for more details.
