# Lesser Tartaric Gem

I was chatting with Tiberius today, discussing some of the projects that he is working on. I must say, when we start talking about his research it seems that he just keeps going on and on and on! Anyway, one of the recent inventions he wanted to talk about was his sigils: so far he managed to create a Water Sigil and a Lava Sigil, using the Hellfire Forge I finally constructed for him as a means to create them. I wasn't entirely sure how he actually made them - I knew he experimented by taking some ingredients and combining them inside of the forge using the tartaric gem as a catalyst, but I haven't actually seen him actively experimenting yet. Well, I got some insight finally as to what he uses that blasted ash for.
Let's see if I can mimic what he said properly. Ahem. "By using the Demon Will contained inside of these gems to transmute the ingredients, a reaction occurs between things that normally don't do anything when combined. By harnessing this forced synergy, I am able to inscribe several arcane symbols in patterns that will direct the energy that I add myself to perform the desired task." Although it doesn't show well in writing, picture me saying this while pushing glasses up the bridge of my nose. I'm not sure if he's normally like this, but I swear he gets all... science-y when he explains things to me.
At any rate, he showed me how he created a Water Sigil by demonstrating it to me. After the, admittedly flashy, demonstration, he then got to the meat of the discussion. "When I try to replicate this process with some more advanced materials, it seems that the reagents tend to... explode when added to the alchemy array. They seem very unstable. My thinking is that the ingredients aren't getting properly fused together - perhaps there is not enough energy in the forge to fuse them properly."
After thinking about this for a few minutes, I got to work - as I mentioned in a previous entry, I figured that a more powerful Tartaric gem would be required, but I still haven't figured out exactly how I could do this in an elegant way. So, I decided that a brute-force approach would be sufficient for this!
I took a block of lapis, block of redstone, and a diamond as well as an empty petty Tartaric gem that I had lying around - part of a past experiment that... didn't exactly go very well. All I can say about it is that I am surprised Magus can make holes in a solid concrete wall simply disappear. I then combined these four items in the Hellfire forge with a filled petty Tartaric gem to act as a power source - a minimum of 60 Will seems to be needed. After a bit of effort trying to find an optimal arrangement, I then set them together and watched as the empty Tartaric gem started to grow inside of the forge.
Just as a side note, I tried using a block of gold instead of a diamond to grow the gem, but it seems that having another crystal structure was more beneficial.
This new, "Lesser Tartaric gem" seems to have a much larger capacity, able to hold a total of 256 raw Will. Hopefully this is enough to sate Tiberius's need for large amounts of Will for a while. But alas it seems that I will need to fill up this gem. Another long night is ahead of me!
