# Mimics

Mimics are arcane constructs that are designed to mimic whatever they are set to. When the mimic comes into contact with some form of block, its molecules shift their orientation in order to take on the shape, look, and feel of the block. Not all of the properties are copied, however: for instance, a normal mimic block when coming into contact with glowstone will not emit any form of light.
With normal use, there are two ways to use a mimic block. The first is placing the mimic block down and then right-clicking the mimic with the block that you want it to copy. This will place the block inside of the mimic and have the mimic take on the -default- shape of the block. So if a mimic is clicked with a stair, the mimic will always orient themselves in the same way.
The second method is to hold the mimic block in your hand and shift-click the block you want to replace. This will replace the block with the mimic and the mimic will have the exact same orientation that the replaced block had. This can be seen with stairs and chests, as well as other orientation-dependent blocks such as logs.
There are a few different variants of the normal mimics. The Opaque Mimic is the default mimic, able to take on the form and general properties of blocks - light cannot travel through these, however, so care should be taken with glass. The Ethereal Opaque Mimic can be walked through without any trouble because it has no hitbox, which is perfect for hidden doorways. Clear Mimic blocks work the same as their opaque variants, however they allow light through them even if it appears completely solid. Finally, the Lighted Mimic block is opaque and solid, but no matter what is placed inside of it, it will emit a strong light. No more dark areas in your base without torch spam!
There is one special variant of the mimic that you have to be wary of: the Sentient Mimic. If a player comes too close to one of these in the world, it will get up from where it is and attack you with a high degree of ferocity. These can be found in a variety of areas, but they are especially fond of dungeons. If one is mimicking a chest, however, be careful: they bite.
***Creative Usage Only***
There are a few interesting features you can add to any mimic block when you are in creative mode. If you right click on a set mimic with a potion or potion flask, you can set the mimic to spawn potions around it if a player is nearby. If it is a regular mimic and you click on the east or west side, you can increase or decrease the radius that the potion will spawn in. If you click on the north or south side, you can increase or decrease the radius that the mimic will check for players around it before spawning the potions. Finally, clicking on the top or bottom of the block will increase or decrease the potion spawning interval, which is the number of ticks between dropped potions.
If the mimic is a sentient mimic, you can click the mimic anywhere to increase or decrease the detection radius for players - if a player is within this area and they can see the block, the mimic will spawn and jump at the player.
Another thing is that if the block is placed on the mimic while the placer is in creative, the block that is being mimicked will NOT drop when the mimic is destroyed.
Finally, if the mimic is placed on any inventory or chest, the sentient mimic will place the chest on the ground with its contents once defeated - the regular mimic will instead just spew the contents everywhere when broken.
