# Petty Tartaric Gem

I went out on one of my now-daily nighttime adventures in order to harvest some demonic will when I began to realize one of the major problems with the collection method: my bag kept on getting full from all of the samples! For some reason, perhaps because the ultimate source of the demonic will is different for each sample, the will would not compress into a more manageable form. At least the physical manifestation of the will.
Thus, I went to work with the hellfire forge that was nestled in my corner of the house, pushing aside some of Tiberius's least unpleasant experiments and getting some raw materials for my own study. One of these days I am going to make Tiberius his own forge, since I am tired of trying to get rid of all of the dust that coats my workplace from his "arcane experiments". I don't care that you are "trying to bridge the gap between the ethereal strands of the Soul Network and the physical construction of the slates", get your damned ash out of my stuff!
Anyway, it did take a while in order to find materials that were most likely to resonate with the demonic will in order to store it in a better manner. Lapis seems to be the most readily available conductor of this energy, acting as a pathway for the will to be channeled. After adding some redstone to act as a shielding from electric fields in the air (adding two energies together seem to cause disastrous effects, at least that is what Magus said), gold as a dampening agent, and glass as a simple housing, I managed to create a very simple "Tartaric Gem". This means "a gem from the underworld, Tartarus."
After further tests, I found out that this gem could hold up to a will quality of 64. (When I presented these findings to Magus, he remarked that it seemed like a nice, round number.) When I tried to pick up demonic will afterwards, it seemed to go directly into the gem unless full - after that, the will just seemed to... disappear. Convenient for my backpack, but otherwise a mystery. I also learned that if I hold the gem in my hand and focused (right clicked), about 10%% of the maximum capacity of the gem would flow into other gems I had on my person. I think this last feature is very helpful, especially if we were to find other, more powerful tartaric gems.
