# The Blood Altar

The Blood Altar is one of the most central devices in the mod. There are two main uses for the altar: either for crafting certain items essential for progressing through the mod, or for filling up one's Blood Orb. Both of these actions require the player to fill up the basin with Life Essence, which can be extracted from two different sources: monsters and peaceful creatures, and the player's own health.
To add your own Life Essence into the basin, you need to craft yourself a Sacrificial Dagger and right click it while next to the altar. This will take a heart of health and add a total of 200LP to the unupgraded altar. "LP" is Life Points, which is a measure of how much life force is used in a task - no, it is not like YuGi-Oh. The Blood Altar has a capacity of 10,000LP. If you then right-click on the altar, you can place an item into the basin, and if it is a valid item the altar will start the crafting process.
The altar crafts an item by consuming the LP in the basin if the altar is a high enough tier. If there is enough LP, the altar will drain a bit of LP from the basin each tick and increase the progress of the crafting, emitting red particles. If there is no longer any LP in the basin, the altar will emit gray particles and the crafting will start to lose progress, which is not good at all! Finally, if the altar is filling up a Blood Orb, the altar will emit purple particles to indicate it is syphoning LP from the basin.
There are actually a total of three tanks in the Blood Altar: the main tank, which has a default capacity of 10 kLP as previously indicated, as well as an input tank and an output tank which both have 10% of the total capacity of the main tank. Every 20 ticks by default, the LP in the input tank will transfer to the main tank at 20LP/s, and the LP in the main tank will transfer to the output tank at 20LP/s. As the names suggest, the input tank accepts the LP that is pumped into the altar acting as a buffer to limit the speed of transferring from outside sources, and the output tank can be pulled from using pipes out of the altar.
